life will never be the same for Ahmed
chabat at 5 years old he lost his legs
in an Israeli air
strike overwhelmed and with limited
medical supplies doctors at gaza's aloa
hospital managed to save his
life an urgent procedure was done to
repair his amputated Limbs and
compensate for his blood loss but
Medical Teams face significant shortages
anesthesia is in short supply and some
operation are performed without
it before his operation Amed was already
facing yet another tragedy his mother
and father were killed in an attack in
gaza's
Northeast 15 other family members also
died the air strike threw ammed into a
neighbor's house he and his uncle
survived but later they were caught in
another
strike we were fleeing and moving
further south when ammed was injured by
Israeli shelling and lost his legs I
hope he will get Prosthetics so he can
have a life like other children and go
back to school hopefully once the war
ends this is what ak's neighborhood now
looks like debris and Rubble cover what
was once called home he's among more
than 20,000 children who've been injured
since October the
7th back in hospital akmed is awake and
recovering his uncle says the boy
doesn't yet know know he's lost his
limbs or his
parents he's asked me a number of times
he wants to get out of bed and walk I
tell him we should wait until his legs
feel better or after he takes his
medicine he doesn't feel like he's lost
his legs will have to try very hard to
make him understand this as well as the
loss of his parents like many his age
ammed will bear physical and emotional
scars for years to come to Young to
understand War he's now part of a
generation that's being forced to endure
it
K Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer